STREAMING_FIXES.md, before:

# Claude Task Runner Streaming Fixes

## Issues Identified

1. **Missing JSON Import**: The `json` module was referenced but not imported in claude_streamer.py
2. **Claude CLI Input Issues**: The Claude CLI was not receiving the input correctly due to command-line argument formatting
3. **JSON Output Parsing**: The `stream-json` format output was not being parsed properly
4. **Context Clearing Consistency**: Different methods were used between task_manager.py and claude_streamer.py

## Implemented Solutions

### 1. Fixed Claude Streamer Module

- Added missing `json` import
- Rewrote command execution using a temporary shell script to correctly handle file redirection
- Improved JSON parsing to properly handle stream-json format output with content extraction
- Better error detection and reporting from Claude's structured output
- Improved file writing with flushing to ensure output appears in real-time

### 2. Consolidated Context Clearing

- Unified the context clearing implementation to use a single approach 
- Used the better pexpect-based implementation from claude_streamer.py
- Made task_manager.py delegate to claude_streamer.py for context clearing

### 3. Improved Error Handling

- Better detection and reporting of Claude CLI errors
- Proper cleanup of temporary files
- Improved stream parsing to handle both JSON and non-JSON output

### 4. Created Test Script

- Added run_demo.sh for easy testing of the implementation
- Script creates a sample task and runs it with the streaming implementation

## Technical Approach

The key improvement is using a shell script with file redirection instead of trying to directly pass the task file to Claude CLI. The process now follows these steps:

1. Create a temporary shell script that includes proper redirections
2. Make the script executable
3. Run the script using pexpect for interactive monitoring
4. Parse the output stream properly in real-time
5. Write content to result and error files as appropriate

This approach resolves the input handling issues previously encountered and provides better robustness when dealing with special characters in task files.

## Usage

To test the implementation:

```bash
./run_demo.sh
```

This will create a sample task in `demo_project/tasks/` and run it with streaming enabled.

Commit message:

Fix JSON content parsing for new stream-json format
- Added support for content as a list (new Claude JSON format)
- Handle both text blocks and tool_use blocks in content list
- Added more detailed debug logging to understand structure
- Properly process content based on its type (string vs list)
- Fixed the 'list' has no attribute 'strip' error

STREAMING_FIXES.md, after:

# Claude Task Runner Streaming Fixes

## Issues Identified

1. **Missing JSON Import**: The `json` module was referenced but not imported in claude_streamer.py
2. **Claude CLI Input Issues**: The Claude CLI was not receiving the input correctly due to command-line argument formatting
3. **JSON Output Parsing**: The `stream-json` format output was not being parsed properly
4. **Context Clearing Consistency**: Different methods were used between task_manager.py and claude_streamer.py
5. **Temporary File Handling**: Temporary files were being deleted before they could be executed

## Implemented Solutions

### 1. Fixed Claude Streamer Module

- Added missing `json` import
- Rewrote command execution using a temporary shell script to correctly handle file redirection
- Improved JSON parsing to properly handle stream-json format output with content extraction
- Better error detection and reporting from Claude's structured output
- Improved file writing with flushing to ensure output appears in real-time

### 5. Fixed Temporary File Handling

- Changed how temporary files are created and managed
- Used a more reliable approach with manual file creation and cleanup
- Added file existence verification before execution
- Ensured cleanup happens after execution rather than immediately
- Improved error handling for temporary file operations
- Applied these improvements to both main command execution and context clearing

### 2. Consolidated Context Clearing

- Unified the context clearing implementation to use a single approach 
- Used the better pexpect-based implementation from claude_streamer.py
- Made task_manager.py delegate to claude_streamer.py for context clearing

### 3. Improved Error Handling

- Better detection and reporting of Claude CLI errors
- Proper cleanup of temporary files
- Improved stream parsing to handle both JSON and non-JSON output

### 4. Created Test Script

- Added run_demo.sh for easy testing of the implementation
- Script creates a sample task and runs it with the streaming implementation

## Technical Approach

The key improvement is using a shell script with file redirection instead of trying to directly pass the task file to Claude CLI. The process now follows these steps:

1. Create a temporary shell script that includes proper redirections
2. Make the script executable
3. Verify the script file exists before continuing
4. Run the script using pexpect for interactive monitoring
5. Parse the output stream properly in real-time
6. Write content to result and error files as appropriate
7. Clean up the temporary script only after execution is complete

This approach resolves both the input handling issues and the temporary file deletion issues previously encountered. It provides better robustness when dealing with special characters in task files and ensures that temporary files remain available throughout execution.

## Usage

To test the implementation:

```bash
./run_demo.sh
```

This will create a sample task in `demo_project/tasks/` and run it with streaming enabled.
